include spi artifacts in this repo. (#15)
Azure/azure-functions-java-core-library: README.md

|master|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ebphtfegnposba6w?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/appsvc/azure-functions-java-library?branch=master)|
|dev|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ebphtfegnposba6w?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/appsvc/azure-functions-java-library?branch=dev)|

> # Extend library for Azure Java Functions

Author: ```suggestion
# ??? for Azure Java Functions
```

> This repo contains two extend library for building Azure Java Functions. 

Reviewer: ???
```suggestion
This repo contains two additional libraries for building Azure Java Functions. 
```

> This repo contains two extend library for building Azure Java Functions. 

Reviewer: ???
```suggestion
This repo contains two libraries for building Azure Java Functions. 
```

> This repo contains two additional libraries for building Azure Java Functions. 

Author: ```suggestion
This repo contains two ??? for building Azure Java Functions. 
```

* [azure-functions-java-core-library](https://github.com/Microsoft/maven-java-parent)

> * [azure-functions-java-spi-library](https://github.com/Microsoft/maven-java-parent)

Reviewer: links are incorrect
